AI Integration: describe types (#7219)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/AIProvider/sendRequest.md

---
id: AIProvider.sendRequest
type: function(params)
---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that sends a request to a language model.

Reviewer: @marker-dao  is it okay to write "language model" here? I think in the most cases there will be requests to proxy servers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A function that sends a request to an AI service
```

##### param(params): RequestParams
Request parameters.

##### return: Response
An object with AI response.

---
---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->

>     const aiIntegration = new DevExpress.aiIntegration({

Reviewer: @marker-dao  is `aiIntegration` finally directly in DevExpress namespace? I though it's `DevExpress.common`
